<!--

Hello from Remote Diagnostics Tool (RDT) - Version 4.0.31

Desktop Administrators and Helpdesk staff will benefit from using this tool. No Installation is required!

This remote diagnostics tool (RDT) was designed and written to aid in the diagnostics and overall investigation of a remote PC whilst it is on a
corporate network, without interrupting the user in their daily work. 

The tool was originally designed as a replacement to a few different well-known script tools like the “SCCM Client tools” and “Dameware” as we were
not allowed to use them on the corporate network anymore. “They were too intrusive”.

The aim of interrogating information from the PC like: SCCM execution reports and Installed software lists was the main key but the tool seems to
have grown much larger than first anticipated and it now does many other helpful functions as they were requested by people over the years.

Please make sure you are allowed to use this tool on your domain and have read this help file and the disclaimer at the bottom of the help file thoroughly
before continuing! Version history below and in the help file.

NOTE : This tool Encrypts every “Windows management connection” it makes and every “Powershell connection” it makes, so your “Admin Credentials” stay safe across the network!

This tool was written in VB.Net which requires .NET 4.0 to be on the running Administrators PC (or server) where the tool is being run from. 
Windows 7/8/10/11 or Server 2012/2016/2019/2022/2025 has this by default. This tool supports Microsoft Windows OS only!

Any feedback good or bad welcome: Please email RemoteDiagnosticsTool@outlook.com. Improvements and refinements are always being made.

Please check the web for a copy of the latest version which may just have the fix or added information you requested already.

RDT INCLUDES THE FOLLOWING FEATURES : 

Microsoft Baseline Security Analyzer Report from remote PC
Active Directory - Read (groups / users)
Shadow Users Desktop (RDP) to aid fault resolution
IP Address Lookup
Terminal Server support - List User/Users logged on
APP-V 4.x Support
APP-V 5.x Support
Last bootup time
Video card report
Logon Server Test
Antivirus check
.NET Core Runtime and .Net Framework 1-4 Detection
Security Groups
Network Card report
Remote BIOS report
Disk Drive Information
Powershell > Invoke Command Button
Detailed processes report
PowerShell Session as Admin (you)
Startup Items viewer
Services control
Programs and Features Report
Search for an Installed Program
Store Apps report
FAST - Builtin Remote Registry Editor
Processor usage %
EXPORT to CSV functionality on many reports
Quick PC ping test
User settings report
File Associations
Remotely Defrag the C Drive
Import PC's from file
Install & Remove software remotely as Admin
InApp Screen Capture tool

SCCM History list
SCCM Advert list (Machine)
SCCM Advert list (User)
SCCM - KB-Missing patches detection
SCCM - KB-Installed detection
SCCM - Policy Compliance Checker
SCCM - Re-Run of Adverts
SCCM - Client Tools (All functions)

WIM - 3rd Party Drivers report
WIM - Optional Features report
Windows Updates removal tool

I hope you all enjoy this admin tool - it has taken a few years to develop.

Tim :)

-->

Version History :

Version 4.0.31 = Fixed Ping and Initial connection slowness. This was down to a VB.NET memory leak with the Microsoft “Network.Ping” function.
Version 4.0.30 = Added “SCCM Client Tools” PowerShell trigger buttons as WMIC is being discontinued and could be malicious (according to M$)
Version 4.0.29 = Added SCCM Compliance Checker tab – see policy and if its compliant!
Version 4.0.28 = Added SCCM Missing KB tab to detect KB patches missing or not installed through SCCM / WSUS.
   Added SCCM Installed KB tab to detect KB patches that have installed successfully through SCCM / WSUS.
   Added Reboot? Tab to try and detect if a pc needs a reboot or not (Work in progress) but first registry check seems ok so far.
Version 4.0.27 = Fixed security issue in RDT-Registy button. Fixed KB-Installed ordering. New-Feature KB-Missing tab where you can detect missing KB fixes and patches missing from your PC to keep it up-to date.
Version 4.0.26 = Fixed “DOTNET” connection security level to 6 - packet.privacy. Fixed Windows Updates date now returned is correct and can be exported out to a csv file and filtered to latest date etc. Fixed a routine that wasn’t exiting properly on the APPV detect button.
Version 4.0.25 = Added MBSA tab, any remote PC can be security scanned using the MBSA from Microsoft to see if it conforms to baseline patch status and application patches. This tool needs the file Scan-UpdatesOffline.zip which can be downloaded from the RDT website.
Version 4.0.24 = Added “File Version Finder” button to the start page, any file with a version can be detected on a remote pc.
Version 4.0.23 = Fixed issue on “groups” tab where “domain group” not being removed from “local group” properly.
Version 4.0.22 = Fixed Tab switching issue. Added “multi profile selection & deletion” on profiles tab. Added Icons to right click menu. Re-arranged so app fits full screen better with certain tabs.
Version 4.0.21 = Added .NET tab where you can accurately detect CORE and Framework versions (x86 and x64) on a remote PC.
Version 4.0.20 = Added older “domain\user” detection back into connection gathering to aid in finding the cause of blank “domain\user” being given as a result in some very hit and miss instances.
Version 4.0.19 = 1) Added “Shaddow Desktop” button for remote viewing of Users desktop (If the user accepts the connection!)
Version 4.0.18 = 1) Added Add PCs from file to Computer’s list. 2) Added Search for program on Installed Programs and features tab.
Version 4.0.17 = Added Active Directory tab - (Read-only) operation of users / computers / groups and group members.
Version 4.0.16 = Added Windows 11 support, fixed Microsoft registry screwup about “ProductName” reg key in Details Tab.
Version 4.0.15 = Added Profiles Tab for Christine. Profile sizes can be got and profiles deleted as you would if you were in system>profiles.
Version 4.0.14 = Added “Clear Computers List” right click menu option for Ian.
Version 4.0.13 = Added “StoreApps” tab with detection for Microsoft Store Apps and MSIX packages.
Version 4.0.12 = 1) Fixed – Package Execute (RunAs) account was not functioning with a restricted logged on user. Fixed WINRM configuration if not connected to a domain and setup via Policies.
Version 4.0.11 = 1) Fixed - Package not deleted off of remote pc after Execute via WMI button (manual checks).
Version 4.0.10 = 1) New PowerShell Invoke command button added to start page. 2) New Install routines on Execute tab (PowerShell driven).
3) Dropped the need for all third-party executables (Remcom and paexec) are now no longer needed. 4) Dropdown server list now remembers.
5) Fixed create local user button. (Password length and complexity has changed in windows. 6) Changed helpdesk save details to be per computer.
7) Removed VNC tab as it wasn’t working correctly.
Version 4.0.09 = 1) Missed this release number.
Version 4..008 = 1) New 3rd party Drivers tab which lists additional installed drivers on the WIM. 2) New WIM-Optional Features tab with current state.
Version 4.0.07 = 1) Updated Patches tab with Remote KB uninstall button for Windows 7, Windows 8 and Windows 10 Computers. (DISM based).
Version 4.0.06 = 1) New “Computer List”. New “Right click” Add/Delete/Connect Items. (“Computer list” is now remembered next launch).
Version 4.0.05 = 1) Fixed What Logon-Server button. Fixed User Tab detections. Added APPV5 Detection help and new detection buttons.
Version 4.0.04 = 1) Product unlocked for everyone – FREE fully functional.
Version 4.0.03 = 1) Fully functional 30-day trial offered.
Version 4.0.02 = 1) GUI changed to Metro Interface.
Version 4.0.01 = 1) Added AD user buttons on Home page for Email Address / Phone numbers / mobile Number.
Version 4.0.00 = 1) Public Release Version supporting any PC with Dot-Net 4 installed.

